greeting1:Hey hot stuff.

greeting2:Thank god, somebody I like. Well, somebody I can tolerate haha.

greeting3:Oh!! Shhiiit... don't sneak up on me like that!



lastName:My full name is Aiko Yumi. I know, I know. Could I be more Japanese?

birthday:I'm sure you'll forget anyway, but, it's November 9th.

height:Last time I checked I was five four.

age:Why 21 of course. Nah, I'm fucking with you. I'm 28.

occupation:You mean besides the university professor thing?

education:I've got a master's degree in mathematics, and I regret it everyday.


hobby:Sleeping... No, wait! Gambling.


datereject:Maybe some other time. I got a lot of grading to do tonight.

dateaccept:Sure! I suppose you've earned it.


datefail:Don't beat yourself up over it. It's not the first shitty date I've had.

datesuccess:Hey, that was actually really nice. Thank you.


favColor: That's how you know you've got nothing to talk about. Ahhh... I like green.

favSeason:If I had to pick I'd probably say autumn. I'm a sucker for all the colors!

favHangout:Oh, shit. You can't keep me out of the casino!


question1:What's your ideal, perfect vacation like?
q1answer1:This is lame but I prefer to just stay home and relax.
q1answer2:A cozy winter cottage or ski resort.
q1answer3:A tropical island or beach resort.
ifcorrect1:No, I'm with you. Who needs the stress of traveling?
ifwrong1:Booooring

question2:You a political person at all?
q2answer1:I suppose I lean to the conservative side.
q2answer2:Nah, that's all a bunch of nonsense to me.
q2answer3:Most of my views are pretty liberal.
ifcorrect2:You too? They all sound like a bunch of douchebags to me.
ifwrong2:Pathetic...

question3:So, honestly, how many chicks are you seeing right now?
q3answer1:Baby, I only have eyes for you.
q3answer2:You should see all the tail I'm chasing. It's crazy.
q3answer3:There are a couple of girls I've met that I'm talking to.
ifcorrect3:I respect your honesty. But they better not be cuter than me!
ifwrong3:Yeah right!



beforesheasks1:So, hey, question.

beforesheasks2:Give me your honest answer.

beforesheasks3:Let me ask you something.


beforeplayerasks1:Mmmmmhmmmm?

beforeplayerasks2:Something I can help you with?





bye1:Yup, take care!

bye2:Be a good girl out there.

bye3:Try to keep those dreams about me under control, all right?