greeting1:Oh... hey.

greeting2:Are you like following me around or something?

greeting3:Ugh, there you are. Could you have taken any longer?



lastName:Belrose. There, happy?

birthday:Actually, please do forget it.

height:Five-two. What of it? I can still knock a bitch out.


age:I'm 21. Finally old enough to drink without having to hide it.

agequiz:Do you even know how old I am?

occupation:Work? Bitch I'm already going to school. What else do you expect?

education:I haven't decided on a major. I'm thinking of dropping out, anyway.


hobby:I like to go shopping. Especially when someone else is paying.


dateaccept:Okay... If I go out with you will you stop bothering me?
datereject:Eww, no!

datefail:Well, that was a total blowout. Thanks for wasting my fucking time.

datesuccess:I guess that wasn't a complete waste of time.

favColor:If you can't tell that my favorite color is red, you must be fucking blind.

favSeason:Probably spring because it's not cold as shit or hot as fuck.

favHangout:Lusties Nightclub is my fucking shit.

question1:What do you hate most about dating?
q1answer1:Running out of things to say or do.
q1answer2:Pretty much everything.
q1answer3:Having to weed through all the bitches.
ifcorrect1:Oh my god, you too? It's so much easier just to fuck around.
ifwrong1:Yeah, okay.

question2:So, what's your opinion on going to university?
q2answer1:It's the only way to get ahead in this world.
q2answer2:School is nothing but a waste of time and money.
q2answer3:It's fine if you're smart...
ifcorrect2:Finally someone agrees! It's so boring. How am I supposed to deal with that?
ifwrong2:Ughh, gaaayyy!


question3:What's your biggest turn off? Huh?
q3answer1:Chicks who smoke. Ughh, it's so gross.
q3answer2:Flat chested girls make me sad.
q3answer3:Broads who don't know how to let loose and have fun.
ifcorrect3:Well you don't have to worry about me. Fun is pretty much my deal.
ifwrong3:Ughh! Fuck you, you dickhead.




beforesheasks1:Since you're here, you can answer this for me.

beforesheasks2:Okay, I wanna know something.

beforeplayerasks1:Yeah? Out with it.

beforeplayerasks2:What?




bye1:Finally...

bye2:Please, you'll be back.
bye3:See ya.