greeting1:Hey, dude! What's up?

greeting2: Good morning! Ready to get to work?

greeting3:Glad you're here! I need a work out buddy.





lastName:That's okay! My last name is Delrio.

birthday:March 16th! Mark it down.



age:Oh, yeah, that would be good to know, huh? I'm twenty-one.


occupation: I work part-time as a hairdresser in the salon at the mall.


education:I finished high school, but I didn't get a chance to go to college after having my son.



hobby:Definitely working out. I never miss a day!


dateaccept:I'd love to! Let's make it happen.
datereject:I'd love to, but I don't have a baby sitter for tonight. Sorry.

datesuccess:We should def do that again, like, super soon!
datefail:I think I deserve a little better than that, don't you?

favColor:It's not a lame question! I like blue.



favHangout:Oh, you can't keep me out of the gym!

question1:Are you good with money?
q1answer1:I assure you that I would be if only I had any.
q1answer2:I would say so. I've always been good at saving up for important things.
q1answer3:I'm terrible with money. There's just too much cool shit out there to buy.
ifcorrect1:I wish I could be more like that. I need to start saving for my future, seriously.
ifwrong1:Oh...


question2:Do you get up early in the morning or stay up really late at night?
q2answer1:I'm usually up all hours of the night.
q2answer2:Neither really. I just take short naps throughout the day.
q2answer3:Bright and early! Things to do, people to see.
ifcorrect2:That sounds just like me! I get up and head right to the gym.
ifwrong2:Whatever floats your boat, man.

question3:Do you prefer stability or spontaneity in your life?
q3answer1:Spontaneity, without a doubt. Life should be a never ending adventure!
q3answer2:I prefer stability. It's important to have an anchor down somewhere in life.
q3answer3:I think a little bit of both can be a good thing. Balance is important.
ifcorrect3:So important! I used to party a lot but ever since I had my son I had to grow up and settle down a bit.
ifwrong3: Haha! Get the fuck out of here with that shit!



beforeplayerasks1:Go ahead, ask me anything!

beforeplayerasks2:Yeah?

beforeplayerasks3:Did you wanna say something?


beforesheasks1:I'm just curious...

beforesheasks2:Soo... I've been wondering...

beforesheasks3:Hey, question for ya!



bye1:Take it easy!
bye2:Knock 'em dead out there!
bye3:Deuces!