greeting1:Sup playa?
greeting2: Hey, girlfriend!
greeting3:Let's get it goin'! These brauds aren't gonna date themselves.



lastName: Don't laugh ok? it's... Sugardust.

birthday:The world was given the honor of having me in it on August 3rd.



age:In human years I think it's about... 384.

occupation:I'm a love fairy. Remember?




hobby:I like to go through your dirty magazines when you're not home.



homeworld:It's a beautiful place called Sky Garden.


dateaccept:Of course, let's get going!
datereject:Maybe you should hit up those convo options first.
datefail:That was pathetic.
datesuccess:Alright, you did well, but only because I taught you!


favColor:Really? Are you really going to ask me that? It's fucking pink, bitch!

favSeason:Summer. I love being able to wear bikinis and shorts.

favHangout:I hang out in your room when you're not home. You've got the best dirty magazines.

question1:What did I say about approaching Audrey when you first ran into her?
q1answer1:Say something really stupid to try and cheer her up.
q1answer2:The nice girl shit wasn't going to cut it so I had to be aggressive.
q1answer3:Take charge and don't let any of her bullshit get to me.
ifcorrect1:Ha! Too easy. I'll getcha next time.
ifwrong1:How don't you remember that?

question2:When you first met Jessie, how did I suggest you approach her?
q2answer1:To quickly say something to her before she had a chance to get away.
q2answer2:The nice girl shit wasn't going to cut it so I had to be aggressive.
q2answer3:Open up with something safe to try and get on her good side.
ifcorrect2:Of course, how could you forget?
ifwrong2:Ughh....

question3:When first meeting Beli, what was my advise to you?
q3answer1:That my weirdness might actually pay off so just be myself.
q3answer2:Don't be afraid to take a chance but try not to scare her off.
q3answer3:To quickly say something to her before she had a chance to get away.
ifcorrect3:Nice. I expected nothing less.
ifwrong3:You should have looked it up on the internet.



beforesheasks1:Alright, let's see...




beforeplayerasks1:What's good playa? Talk to me.




bye1:Later girlfriend!
bye2:Make me proud!